Title: CLippy's Revenge - Clippy Full Clip - Full Clip.


Title Screen press start 

Level one: Clippy had to climb to the top of windows XP while the trash can is spitting out rolling icons that roll down like the original donkey kong, get to the top and enter the trash bin.

Recycle bin, (level 2 transitional stage) 

Level two: Clippy gets into the recycle bin,(FLYING ON HIS CLASSIC PAPER with a gun to shoot viruses) seeing five iterations of windows Recycle bins and an empty folder with four test folders, Clippy must defend the recycle bin from data corruption as the screen starts to slowly become more corrupt virus's start spawning out of the recycle bins, this section is like a Shoot Em Up - Blow them all away and the Windows XP Recycle Bin will glow and become a portal with an arrow pointing down to it. 

Level three: After hopping through the windows XP garbage bin clippy ends up in Windows XP with lime wire installation asking him to hit next but as soon as clippy hts next windows XP crashes like normal (piece of shit) Entering BSOD Blue Screen of Death level, BSOD level game mechanics will be a type-racer sort of test where the user needs to hit 70 WPM (words per minute) in order to succeed, the stuff clippy will have to type example.

Level 3~ BSOD mechanic sample test: Gill Bates has been trying to destroy Cliffy since the 8bit era, in this section clippy will have to use his generic RGB gamer keyboard in order to type everything Gill Bates says:

--Begin Typing mechanic Level 3--
Gill Bates: "Give it up Clippy! Mori Mortus!! you'll be eating bugs in DOS after I'm done with you, Cortana translate this into Latin so I sound more ominous!   "Plato is my friend, but truth is a bitter friend, Do you not know, my son, with how little wisdom the world is governed? --

Cortana: Amicus Plato, sed magis amica veritas. An nescis, mi fili quantilla prudential mundus regatur?"
--End typing exercise Level 3--

Gill Bates retreats, windows restarts, Clippy moves forward into Level 4-

Level Four: Emerging through the BSOD reset Clippy enters Window Vista, Cliffy's objective in windows Vista is to find where the "Start" button went and activate it so he can jump to windows 7 - To Be Continued